the word which came to Jeremiah from the
the word which came to Jeremiah from the Lord when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
Lord when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
Lord when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all his army all the kingdoms of the
and all his army all the kingdoms of the
and all his army all the kingdoms of the earth under his Dominion and all the
earth under his Dominion and all the
earth under his Dominion and all the people fought against Jerusalem and all
people fought against Jerusalem and all
people fought against Jerusalem and all its cities go and speak to Zedekiah king
its cities go and speak to Zedekiah king
its cities go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah and tell him thus says the Lord
of Judah and tell him thus says the Lord
of Judah and tell him thus says the Lord behold I will give this city into the
behold I will give this city into the
behold I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon and he shall
hand of the king of Babylon and he shall
hand of the king of Babylon and he shall burn it with fire and you shall not
burn it with fire and you shall not
burn it with fire and you shall not escape from his hand but shall surely be
escape from his hand but shall surely be
escape from his hand but shall surely be taken and delivered into his hand your
taken and delivered into his hand your
taken and delivered into his hand your eyes shall see the eyes of the king of
eyes shall see the eyes of the king of
eyes shall see the eyes of the king of Babylon he shall speak with you face to
Babylon he shall speak with you face to
Babylon he shall speak with you face to face and you shall go to Babylon yet
face and you shall go to Babylon yet
face and you shall go to Babylon yet hear the word of the Lord
hear the word of the Lord
hear the word of the Lord Oh said Akaya king of Judah thus says
Oh said Akaya king of Judah thus says
Oh said Akaya king of Judah thus says the Lord concerning you you shall not
the Lord concerning you you shall not
the Lord concerning you you shall not die by the sword you shall die in peace
die by the sword you shall die in peace
die by the sword you shall die in peace as in the ceremonies of your father's
as in the ceremonies of your father's
as in the ceremonies of your father's the former Kings who were before you
the former Kings who were before you
the former Kings who were before you so they shall burn incense for you and
so they shall burn incense for you and
so they shall burn incense for you and lament for you saying a last Lord for I
lament for you saying a last Lord for I
lament for you saying a last Lord for I have pronounced the word says the Lord
have pronounced the word says the Lord
have pronounced the word says the Lord then Jeremiah the Prophet spoke all
then Jeremiah the Prophet spoke all
then Jeremiah the Prophet spoke all these words to Zedekiah king of Judah in
these words to Zedekiah king of Judah in
these words to Zedekiah king of Judah in Jerusalem when the king of babylons army
Jerusalem when the king of babylons army
Jerusalem when the king of babylons army fought against Jerusalem and all the
fought against Jerusalem and all the
fought against Jerusalem and all the cities of Judah that were left against
cities of Judah that were left against
cities of Judah that were left against lakish and as iike for only these
lakish and as iike for only these
lakish and as iike for only these fortified cities remained of the cities
fortified cities remained of the cities
fortified cities remained of the cities of Judah this is the word that came to
of Judah this is the word that came to
of Judah this is the word that came to Jeremiah from the Lord after King
Jeremiah from the Lord after King
Jeremiah from the Lord after King Zedekiah had made a covenant with all
Zedekiah had made a covenant with all
Zedekiah had made a covenant with all the people who were at Jerusalem to
the people who were at Jerusalem to
the people who were at Jerusalem to proclaim Liberty to them that every man
proclaim Liberty to them that every man
proclaim Liberty to them that every man should set free his male and female
should set free his male and female
should set free his male and female slaves a Hebrew man or woman
slaves a Hebrew man or woman
slaves a Hebrew man or woman that no one should keep a Jewish brother
that no one should keep a Jewish brother
that no one should keep a Jewish brother in bondage now when all the princes and
in bondage now when all the princes and
in bondage now when all the princes and all the people who had entered into the
all the people who had entered into the
all the people who had entered into the Covenant heard that everyone should set
Covenant heard that everyone should set
Covenant heard that everyone should set free his male and female slaves but no
free his male and female slaves but no
free his male and female slaves but no one should keep them in bondage anymore
one should keep them in bondage anymore
one should keep them in bondage anymore they obeyed and let them go but
they obeyed and let them go but
they obeyed and let them go but afterward they changed their minds and
afterward they changed their minds and
afterward they changed their minds and made the male and female slaves returned
made the male and female slaves returned
made the male and female slaves returned whom they had set free and brought them
whom they had set free and brought them
whom they had set free and brought them into subjection as male and female
into subjection as male and female
into subjection as male and female slaves therefore the word of the Lord
slaves therefore the word of the Lord
slaves therefore the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah from the Lord thus says
came to Jeremiah from the Lord thus says
came to Jeremiah from the Lord thus says the Lord the God of Israel I made a
the Lord the God of Israel I made a
the Lord the God of Israel I made a covenant with your fathers in the day
covenant with your fathers in the day
covenant with your fathers in the day that I brought them out of the land of
that I brought them out of the land of
that I brought them out of the land of Egypt out of the house of bondage saying
Egypt out of the house of bondage saying
Egypt out of the house of bondage saying at the end of seven years let every man
at the end of seven years let every man
at the end of seven years let every man set free his Hebrew brother who has been
set free his Hebrew brother who has been
set free his Hebrew brother who has been sold to him and when he has served you
sold to him and when he has served you
sold to him and when he has served you six years you shall let him go free from
six years you shall let him go free from
six years you shall let him go free from you but your fathers did not obey me nor
you but your fathers did not obey me nor
you but your fathers did not obey me nor incline their ear then you recently
incline their ear then you recently
incline their ear then you recently turned and did what was right in my
turned and did what was right in my
turned and did what was right in my sight every man proclaiming Liberty to
sight every man proclaiming Liberty to
sight every man proclaiming Liberty to his neighbor and you made a covenant
his neighbor and you made a covenant
his neighbor and you made a covenant before me in the house which is called
before me in the house which is called
before me in the house which is called by my name then you turned around and
by my name then you turned around and
by my name then you turned around and profaned my name and every one of you
profaned my name and every one of you
profaned my name and every one of you brought back his male and female slaves
brought back his male and female slaves
brought back his male and female slaves whom you had set at liberty at their
whom you had set at liberty at their
whom you had set at liberty at their pleasure and brought them back into
pleasure and brought them back into
pleasure and brought them back into subjection to be your male and female
subjection to be your male and female
subjection to be your male and female slaves
slaves
slaves therefore thus says the Lord you have
therefore thus says the Lord you have
therefore thus says the Lord you have not obeyed me in proclaiming Liberty
not obeyed me in proclaiming Liberty
not obeyed me in proclaiming Liberty everyone to his brother and everyone to
everyone to his brother and everyone to
everyone to his brother and everyone to his neighbor
his neighbor
his neighbor behold I proclaim Liberty to you says
behold I proclaim Liberty to you says
behold I proclaim Liberty to you says the Lord to the sword to pestilence and
the Lord to the sword to pestilence and
the Lord to the sword to pestilence and to famine and I will deliver you to
to famine and I will deliver you to
to famine and I will deliver you to trouble among all the kingdoms of the
trouble among all the kingdoms of the
trouble among all the kingdoms of the earth and I will give the men who have
earth and I will give the men who have
earth and I will give the men who have transgressed my covenant who have not
transgressed my covenant who have not
transgressed my covenant who have not performed the words of the Covenant
performed the words of the Covenant
performed the words of the Covenant which they made before me when they cut
which they made before me when they cut
which they made before me when they cut the calf in two and passed between the
the calf in two and passed between the
the calf in two and passed between the parts of it the princes of Judah the
parts of it the princes of Judah the
parts of it the princes of Judah the princes of Jerusalem the eunuchs the
princes of Jerusalem the eunuchs the
princes of Jerusalem the eunuchs the priests and all the people of the land
priests and all the people of the land
priests and all the people of the land who passed between the parts of the calf
who passed between the parts of the calf
who passed between the parts of the calf I will give them into the hand of their
I will give them into the hand of their
I will give them into the hand of their enemies and into the hand of those who
enemies and into the hand of those who
enemies and into the hand of those who seek their life their dead bodies shall
seek their life their dead bodies shall
seek their life their dead bodies shall be meat for the birds of the heaven and
be meat for the birds of the heaven and
be meat for the birds of the heaven and the beasts of the earth and I will give
the beasts of the earth and I will give
the beasts of the earth and I will give Zedekiah king of Judah and his Prince's
Zedekiah king of Judah and his Prince's
Zedekiah king of Judah and his Prince's into the hand of their enemies into the
into the hand of their enemies into the
into the hand of their enemies into the hand of those who seek their life and
hand of those who seek their life and
hand of those who seek their life and into the hand of the king of babylons
into the hand of the king of babylons
into the hand of the king of babylons army which has gone back from you behold
army which has gone back from you behold
army which has gone back from you behold I will command says the Lord and caused
I will command says the Lord and caused
I will command says the Lord and caused them to return to the city they will
them to return to the city they will
them to return to the city they will fight against it and take it and burn it
fight against it and take it and burn it
fight against it and take it and burn it with fire and I will make the cities of
with fire and I will make the cities of
with fire and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without inhabitant
Judah a desolation without inhabitant
Judah a desolation without inhabitant [Music]